namaste welcome to sell a casket in.com
today I'm making masala dosa plain dosa
masala dosa
making tuna
masala dosa where normally take one cup
of water doll and two cups of rice are
either three cups of like rice like that
but in my recipe for one cup of what a
doll I only take one cup of whole grain
brown rice that way we don't get too
much carbohydrate we get enough protein
this is Laura doll and also I have one
table spoon of fenugreek seeds fenugreek
seeds are high you know vitamins and
minerals so whenever you make it layer
those are use fenugreek seeds also so
they will be mixed with the batter and
it is a good way to consume ok I'm going
to mix everything I'm going to take all
this in a container and i'll go ahead
and wash a couple of times and then
soaked in water for about 24 25 hours
arranged through them twice and soak it
in water so i'm going to leave it for a
four or five hours to soak and then i
will put it in my blender and make a
smooth batter for those up ok here is my
batter i left it to overnight for
fermentation now it is ready to make a
dosa and here i have my masala curry
potato Jenna and green pieces masala
curry because breakfast is the most
important meal of the day so we need to
make it no nutritious so I made with a
potato Greenpeace and chickpeas good
let's make the masala dosa here I had
taken a cast iron pan I don't use a
nonstick pans in my house so I only use
a cast iron pan see you put it on a
medium flame now it is hearted so I took
a few drops of oil and the paper napkin
and just careful it is hot
just rubbing under pen so that it gets a
thin layer of oil I now I'm going to
make my plain dosa fastest one letter
and you can spread it as big as you can
interesting put some oil Iran
you know you can see it is getting red
so I'm going to take it out so we don't
have to flip it if you clip it will get
soft so if you want a crispy dosa don't
flip it just like this
this plane Rosa it's nice and crispy so
now let us make it masala dosa it
already has some oil in here just to
spread it again so the teat it gets
evenly on the pan we don't want drops of
oil on the pan thin layer of foil this
out I'm detecting another one take one
level of better end because in the
center it spread it to you can make it
as big as you can
you don't need a nonstick pan actually
comes out it just fine you can put some
oil around the edges and in the middle
started changing the color I am going to
put the curly you can watch my curry I
already made a video on this you can
watch that recipe put some key on the
top of the curry is very nice taste it
you could put it and those also just a
few drops will be enough and if you want
you can put some butter also fits our
quick addendum see the nice crispy color
so I'm going to take it out it is a nap
is the masala dosa and thank you very
much for watching let me know how your
masala dosa came out and we'll meet in
my next video you can serve masala dosa
heated coconut chutney and ginger
chutney and you can serve it's amber